Let's continue.
I want to discuss your old time relationships.
Let's get back to Louis. On 6th of July, half-past eight, you were with him.
Yes.
Three days.
Tell me about him.
He is frenchman, 65 years old, 1.80m in height, balding. His company produces aerospace production...
Tell me more about his personal life.
He's married. He got 2 kids...
I meant, something more intimate.
How many times... you entered with him... into sexual... relations?
I don't remember.
More than 5 times?
Yes.
More than 10?
Yes..
Do you prefer quiet, gentle men like Louis?
Yes.
Can't hear you!
Yes!
How it started each time?
Louis loved to undress me slowly.
Go on.
To kiss my body.
Which parts?
My neck, shoulders.
Where else?
My stomach, breasts, hips.
He was very susceptible to your reactions?
Yes.
In another words.. you want to tell me... that for Louis yours pleasure were more important than his?
Now tell me about the drugs you are taking each day. Describe each of it, starting from Monday.
The faster you tell me, the faster it will ends.
I already told you many times.
Tell me again.
On Monday I took a white pill, after the dinner.
What is this pill for?
I don't know!
Go on.
On Tuesday I took the red and white pills, after the morning physical exercises.
And that's all?
No. Later I took a liquid medicine before the sleep.
Do you know what are these drugs for?
I don't.
Go on.
I didn't took anything on Wednesday. On Thursday I took a little green pill.
Did you ever forget to take it?
No. One of the guardians brings me these drugs when I wake up.
And he was watching you taking these drugs?
Yes.
So you never forget to take it?
No.
Was it ever difficult to swallow it?
Did you ever vomit after taking this green pill?
No.
Never?
Never.
Do you know what is this pill for?
No. I have no idea.
And what you think it's for?
I don't know.
Then guess!
For making my skin soft.
Ghmm
During last few months... did you ever have... bloody... secretions?
Did you have bloody secretions?
I already answered this question to doctors.
But now I'm asking you!
No.
And in your whole life, did you ever have bloody secretions?
There is nothing shameful about that.
No.
I can't help you, if you don't tell me the truth.
I have never noticed any of bloody secretions.